Copyright (c) <2016>, <Plymouth University and the CHAP team*>
All rights reserved. 

This license covers a Package to build a Low cost tele-operated mobile 
manipulator (CHAP) including: Designs for parts of the CHAP robot, 
Instructions for assembling said parts, and multiple Software systems. 
The Package is published with the aim of making Low-Cost Tele-operated 
Mobile Manipulators available to those who need them most: Disabled and 
Elderly people. The package should enable technically skilled 
individuals to build the robot. We encourage individuals and 
organizations to improve the contents of this Package, and share 
improvements under the same license. It is desirable for businesses to 
provide components or fully assembled robots to as many users as 
possible. Therefore, this package is released under the permissive 
FreeBSD (BSD 2-clause license) below: 

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met: 

1. Redistributions of any elements of the package must retain the above 
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER 
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
PACKAGE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

The views and conclusions contained in the Package are those of the 
authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, 
either expressed or implied, of the FreeBSD Project. 

*The CHAP team as of 14 November 2016 comprises: Guido Bugmann,
Dominic Cassidy, Arunaganesan Swaminathan, Khushdeep Singh Mann. 
